you have brain cancer those are
devastating words for anyone to hear a
man named Morgan Tyner heard those words
and was told he only had months to live
but 20 years later he's still here
this is his inspirational story of
survival I was at Radley
a runner a tennis player Morgan Tyler
was living life at top speed then a
sudden seizure followed by the diagnosis
it was just devastating to my life
doctors told Morgan he had an aggressive
brain tumor called an anaplastic
astrocytoma they also told him he had
one month to live
really that was 20 years ago after five
years just kind of a milestone I was
shocked to still be alive
Morgan was alive so he decided to get on
with it you have to realize that it's
not necessarily the end of life so
Morgan started a successful video
production company but his journey
through life with a brain tumor has not
been and is still not easy I've had nine
brain surgeries had over a year of
chemotherapy I've had four months of
external radiation I had one month of
internal radiation seeds because there's
always the chance the tumor will come
back fortunately for Morgan because of
the location of his tumor he's been able
to have multiple surgeries and when the
tumor has grown back he's been able to
be reoperation on dr. Alex Porter is one
of Morgan's doctors at Mayo Clinic she
says one reason he's done so well is
that his tumor is located in the frontal
lobe of the brain and doctors are able
to remove it without damaging
surrounding areas one surgery did leave
Morgan was some weakness on his left
side and he does take medication to
control occasional seizures but he is
living and living well he's beaten the
odds 20 years later it's just an
inspiration to to know him and care for
him really cancer is just been more of
an adventure for me it's been a little
bit of a tough time but that was steps
forward really has revealed something
about my life after 20 years out I'm
shocked and still surprised every day
I do appreciate every day that in my
life Morgan wants to encourage all
people who are fighting brain cancer to
maintain hope because he says he's
living proof that there can be life with
brain cancer after Morgan's first
surgery he had months of physical
therapy to regain use of his left side
which was a week after the operation he
had to learn to walk and talk again but
perseverance and good medical care
helped him regain his life for medical
edge I'm Vivien Williams